it was right here there's the cord
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain tremors this film tells the
story of man eating monsters that live
underground and begin to terrorize all
residents of the city of perfection
will the residents survive this deadly
attack let's find out in tremors
tremors tells the story of two best
friends named val and earl who live in
perfection a small town in the middle of
the nevada desert there is only one
access road from and to the city because
of the remoteness of the area
val and earl work on jobs every day and
earn wages by helping the residents
one day they got a woman standing on the
side of the road they stopped and
greeted the woman who introduced herself
as rhonda
rhonda is a student who is researching
earthquake activity that occurs in the
area
rhonda asked them about mining or oil
drilling sites in perfection city and
the surrounding area because she
received an unusual earth vibration
signal from underground
but earl said that no mining or oil is
drilling around the city area because
the area is a dead area
after that they said goodbye to rhonda
and immediately left
when he arrived at the caravan val
decided to wander out of town he then
persuaded earl to come with him to leave
the city and try their luck elsewhere
earl agreed and the two friends
immediately packed their things into the
car and prepared to leave
just starting your journey they saw
someone who was on top of the power
tower
thou recognized the person he is edgar
who was also a resident of perfection
city they then stopped the car and tried
to call edgar for the man to come
downstairs they thought edgar was drunk
and climbed up there
but edgar didn't seem to budge at all
despite being called many times
unable to bear to leave their friend in
the scorching heat val climbed up the
electric tower to check on his condition
val was shocked after finding out that
edgar who was still holding his gun was
dead
they then unloaded him from the power
tower and headed straight back to town
after making a diagnosis dr jim revealed
that edgar died of severe dehydration it
was likely that he had been at the top
of the tower for three or four days and
for some reason he was too afraid to go
down
not feeling strange about the cause of
their friend's death val and earl
returned to continue their journey to
the city of bixby
however not long after they drove they
again found an oddity when passing the
farm of one of the townspeople named
fred
the two friends were very surprised to
see the situation on fred's farm which
had been devastated and all his
livestock had been slaughtered they then
looked for the whereabouts of fred but
fred was nowhere to be found
until finally val found a hat lie on the
ground
out of curiosity he picked up the hat
suddenly they jumped in surprise after
finding out that fred's body was buried
in a very pathetic condition val and
earl immediately panicked and returned
to the city to warn the residents of the
danger lurking in their city
they thought that a serial killer was
roaming their city
they met two construction workers who
were doing their work by the roadside
the two then warned the construction
workers that there was a cold-blooded
killer on the loose in the area and
advised them to immediately flee to a
safe place
but their warnings didn't seem to be
heated by the workers and they continued
to drill the road
after they left one of the workers who
was drilling the ground was suddenly
startled by the appearance of a
blood-colored liquid from the drill he
was doing
after that he was pulled by something
very quickly and finally disappeared
behind the rocky hill
meanwhile val and earl were arrived back
in the city of perfection entered a shop
owned by their friend named walter
bell then uses the phone to report the
terrible incident that happened to fred
however the telephone line turned out to
be disconnected they then had no other
choice but to leave the city to seek
help to the nearest town
but again their journey was hit by
obstacles because the only access road
to end from the city of perfection had
been covered in large stone ruins right
at the location of the construction
workers who had been drilling the road
val and earl then got out of the car to
check the situation and look for the
whereabouts of the workers but they
found no one there and only found the
helmet used by one of the workers
covered in blood
seeing this they ran scared and got into
the car
while reversing his car val accidentally
crashes into a sandbar he tried to start
the car but it didn't move an inch as if
something big was holding her car
after trying several times val finally
managed to get his vehicle up and drove
back to town
arriving in the city they just realized
that something was stuck under their car
their friend bert immediately approached
and checked the object and assumed it
was a body part of a giant snake
after hearing bert's explanation val
earl and the rest of the townspeople
fell silent and looked very scared of
the danger threatening the safety of the
entire town of perfection
at night dr jim and his wife are
enjoying the moment alone under the
star-studded night sky
suddenly the electricity in their
caravan went out causing it to become
pitch black jim then went to check on
his electric generator but the generator
had disappeared from its place as if
buried in the ground
jim and his wife were very surprised
that such a large generator could be
buried in the ground
then suddenly the electric generator
exploded from the ground
they were frightened and immediately
left from there but a giant monster
caught jim and pulled him to the ground
jim's wife then tried to save herself by
getting into the car
unfortunately she accidentally turned on
the radio with a very loud volume and
immediately her car was swallowed into
the ground
meanwhile in town val and earl hold a
meeting with the residents to think of
another way to get out of perfection
town because a rock avalanche has
blocked the only access road
they also do not have a vehicle that can
pass through the steep rocky hills of
the desert
one of the residents named miguel
suggested that val and earl ride horses
to go to the next town
the next morning val and earl headed
straight for bixby which was the nearest
town since the route was in line with dr
jim's house they decided to stop by and
check on them but when they got there
they couldn't find dr jim and his wife
anywhere
val then heard the radio sound and tried
to find the source of the sound it
turned out that the radio sound came
from dr jim's car which had been buried
in the ground they then rushed away from
that place
on the way the horses that val and earl
were riding looked stressed and
frightened as if something was
threatening their lives they had a hard
time taming their horses and ended up
falling to the ground
not long after a terrible monster that
had been terrorizing the townspeople for
so long came out of the ground and
devoured their horses
val swiftly shot the monster
suddenly the ground split into two and
the giant monster revealed its true form
without thinking they immediately fled
with all their might from the monster
val has a brilliant idea
they purposely ran into the canal which
was made of concrete and jumped into it
as they expected the giant creature
immediately met its end because it
crashed into a thick concrete wall
they managed to survive
the two men were then surprised by the
appearance of ronda who was researching
the area
rhonda then examined the corpse of the
giant monster that was chasing them
she concluded that these giant monsters
had no eyes and they hunted by sound
val and earl felt proud because they had
killed the giant monster that had been
terrorizing the townspeople
but rhonda then show the results of
tests of earthquake sensors that she
planted in various locations showed four
unusual earth tremor activities
underground
that means there are still three giant
monsters alive
val earl and rhonda headed back to the
city as quickly as possible
but the monsters followed them
one of the monsters is attracted by the
sound of mindy's game and tries to
attack the girl but val manages to save
her
val and the others then enter walter's
shop they called on all citizens not to
make any noise that could attract the
attention of the giant monster
but suddenly walter's vending machine
made a very loud sound instantly the
giant monster emerged from the ground
and devoured him alive right in front of
them val earl and the rest of the
townspeople who were still alive
immediately went up to the house's roof
to save themselves
val then radioed bird to ask for help to
distract the giant monster
bird's wife then starts the bullet
cleaning machine to lure a giant monster
into their home
bert and his wife had prepared with
dozens of guns and bullets to kill the
giant monsters they also managed to kill
one giant monster
val then looks for a way to evacuate the
surviving townspeople from the rooftops
he decided to use his old tractor
because it was quite heavy and the
monsters would have a hard time
overthrowing it
after evacuating all the residents they
picked up bert and his wife who were
preparing weapons and bombs to kill the
remaining monsters
but val's plan didn't go as smoothly as
he thought
the giant monsters had a hard time
overthrowing the super heavy tractor but
they were smart enough to set a trap on
the ground so the tractor tipped over
and everyone on it fell to the ground
everyone immediately ran frantically
towards the boulder and climbed onto it
everyone looked desperate because they
were trapped surrounded by giant
monsters
but then the earl got an idea to throw
rocks at a certain location
meanwhile burt begins to prepare his
bombs and attaches them to ropes when
the monster appeared he then threw his
dynamite at the giant monster
earl's plan was a success
one of the monsters ate the dynamite and
its body exploded into pieces
now there is only one giant monster left
thou then took the initiative to do the
same technique
he threw stones to lure the monsters out
and then through dynamite and pulled it
slowly
val was happy when the last giant
monster swallowed his dynamite but then
the monster spouted back the dynamite at
the rocks they were sheltering from
suddenly everyone immediately ran in all
directions to save themselves from the
explosion
val earl and rhonda turned out to be
running into a barren area that was
quite far from the rocks
the three of them were also very careful
not to make sounds and movements that
could attract the attention of the giant
monster
but the giant monster had already
surrounded val earl and also ronda
val holds dynamite and tries to kill a
monster but he didn't have a match
ronda was the one holding the lighter
but she was standing quite a distance
from bout
val then got an idea
he ran as fast as he could from the
monster chase earl and ronda then
followed val and ran as fast as they
could rhonda gave the lighter to val and
he managed to light the dynamite val
then threw the dynamite at the giant
monster
unfortunately the direction of the throw
was not quite right so the dynamite
exploded in vain valve didn't run out of
ideas
he realized that he was standing on the
edge of a deep abyss
earl and ronda had already fled to the
other side as the gigantic monster drew
closer to them but val was still
standing there waiting for the right
moment before he finally jumped up and
the giant monster fell into the
precipice and died instantly
the four giant monsters that terrorized
the townspeople of perfection had died
the townspeople who are still surviving
are returning to their respective lives
val and earl continue their plan to move
to the city of bixby and the film ends
[Music]
you